Question 1).
ans: 1



Question 2).
The answer is option (3)

Explanation: 
Curly braces are optional and without curly braces,
we can take only one statement under for loop,
which should not be declarative statement. 
Here we are declaring a variable ,
that’s why we will get compile time error saying 
error: variable declaration not allowed here.



Question 3).
The answer is option (2)

Explanation: 
Initialization part of the for loop will be executed only once in the for loop life cycle.
Here we can declare any number of variables but should be of same type. 
By mistake if we are trying to declare different data types variables then,
we will get compile time error saying,
error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to int.




Question 4).
The answer is option (3)

Explanation:
Scope of variable is referred to the part of program where the variable can be used.
In this program variable i is declared in the for loop.
So scope of variable i is limited to the for loop only that is between { and } of the for loop.
There is a display statement after for loop where variable i is used which means ,
i is used out of scope. This leads to compilation error.





Question 5).
The answer is option (4)

Explanation:
Inside main is the for loop.
Initialization condition : i = 10
Terminating condition : i <= 5
Increment value : -1 (i.e. i--)
Number of iterations : 6 (i = 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5)
i starts at 10 and for every iteration (cycle),
value of i is decremented by 1 and it is printed. 
Values are printed till i = 5. Loop terminates when i = 4 is reached. 
So values from 10 to 5 are printed.






Question 6).
The answer is option (4)
a~66~C~68~E~f~G~





Question 7).
The answer is option (4)

Inside main, an integer variable i is declared and initialized to 5.
Then comes a for loop with no initialization and increment part. 
The terminating condition is i < 6 || i >= 0. The next statement is a switch.
The parameter to switch is now 5. As there is no matching case label, 
default is executed and i is greater than three. is printed. 
Then i -= 6 means i = i - 6 = 5 - 6 = -1. Now for terminating condition is again checked.
-1 < 6. So again default of switch is executed and i decrements. 
Thus i value is always negative and for loop executes everytime. 
So the program goes into infinite loop which is runtime error.




Question 8).
The answer is option (2)



Question 9).
The answer is option (2)

I n the initialization section we can take any valid java statement including System.out.println().
In the for loop initialization section is executed only once that’s why here it will print first hi
 and after that good morning.



Question 10).
Answer a, b and c are correct.

The thing you have to notice here is that i is always 0, and thus the values of j are printed from 0 to 19...
This is because in the for loop the increment part: '++i, j+=i--' i is both incremented by one 
then decremented so it never increases. Meanwhile the expresion for j uses the incremented value of i before it is decremented.
The incremented value of i is always 1 so j increases by 1 each time.


